Yo, it's my life, my own words I guess
Have you ever loved someone so much
You'd give an arm for
Not the expression, no
Literally give an arm for
When they know they're your heart
And you know you are their armor
And you will destroy anyone
who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma
Turns right around and bites you
And everything you stand for
turns on you to spite you
What happens when you become
the main source of her pain
"Daddy look what I made"
"Dad's gotta go catch a plane"
"Daddy where's mommy?
I can't find mommy, where is she?"
"I don't know, go play, Hailie
baby, your daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this
song ain't gon write itself"
I give you one underdog, and
you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that
song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother
who's the spittin' image of
her
That's Slim Shady, yeah baby
Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me
But tonight, Shady's rock-a-bye baby
And when I'm gone just carry
on don't mourn,
Rejoice every time you hear
the sound of my voice, just
know that,
I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing so
baby, don't feel no pain, just
smile back
And when I'm gone just carry
on don't mourn,
Rejoice every time you hear
the sound of my voice, just
know that,
I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing so
baby, don't feel no pain, just
smile back
I keep havin' this dream,
I'm pushin' Hailie on a swing,
she keeps screamin', she don't
want me to sing
"You're makin' mommy cry, why,
why is mommy cryin'"
"Baby, daddy ain't leavin' no
more, Daddy you're lyin'
You always say that, you
always say this is the last
time
But you ain't leavin' no more
daddy, you're mine"
She's pilin' boxes in front of
the door tryin' to block it
"Daddy please, daddy, don't
leave, daddy, no, stop it"
Goes in her pocket, pulls out
a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, "This will
keep you safe daddy, take it
with ya"
I look up, it's just me
standin' in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be
talkin', 'cause man I can hear
'em
They're sayin', "you got one
more chance to do right
And it's tonight, now go out
and show em that you love 'em
before it's too late"
And just as I go to walk out
of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're
gone and the spotlight is on
and I'm singin'
And when I'm gone just carry
on don't mourn,
Rejoice every time you hear
the sound of my voice, just
know that,
I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing so
baby, don't feel no pain, just
smile back
And when I'm gone just carry
on don't mourn,
Rejoice every time you hear
the sound of my voice, just
know that,
I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing so
baby, don't feel no pain, just
smile back
Sixty thousand people all
jumpin' out their seat
The curtain closes, they're
throwin' roses at my feet
I take a bow, and thank you
all for comin out
They're screamin' so loud, I
take one last look at the
crowd
I glance down, I don't believe
what I'm seein'
"Daddy, its me, help mommy,
her wrists are bleedin'"
But baby we're in Sweden
How did you get to Sweden?
"I followed you daddy
You told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me dad, and now
you made mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it
says number one dad
That's all I wanted, I just
want to give you this coin"
"I get the point, fine, me and
mommy are goin'"
"But baby wait, it's too late
dad, you made your choice
Now go out there and show em
that you love em more than us
That's what they want
They want you, Marshall
They keep screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep
Just take another pill, yeah I
bet you you will!
You rap about it, yeah word,
kid keep it real"
I hear a applause, all this
time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the
curtain is closin' on me
I turn around, find a gun on the ground
Cock it, put it to my brain,
scream Die Shady! And pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed
to be on, crashes, and burns
to ashes
That's when I wake up
Alarm clock's ringing, there's
birds singin'
It's spring and Hailie's
outside swingin'
I walk right up to Kim and
kiss her tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles and winks
at her little sister almost as
if to say
And when I'm gone just carry
on don't mourn,
Rejoice every time you hear
the sound of my voice, just
know that,
I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing so
baby, don't feel no pain, just
smile back
And when I'm gone just carry
on don't mourn,
Rejoice every time you hear
the sound of my voice, just
know that,
I'm lookin' down on you smilin'
And I didn't feel a thing so
baby, don't feel no pain, just
smile back
www.RentAnAdviser.com